Kofi Kingston who Smackdown hi I'm Layla
from SmackDown okay just give me an idea
why you guys are here for well we're
here at the the Gilbert elementary
school basically promoting the
importance of reading and we have the
WrestleMania Reading Challenge which is
going on we presented some of the
winners with their prizes here today and
the contest is still going on people can
still all you have to do is read five
books write five book reports report
them to your local librarian and they
will enter you in the contest to win
tickets to Wrestlemania so good turnout
so much fun and just see them getting
excited about reading and WrestleMania
and the teachers are happy you know it
makes us happy so it's just fair great
and they welcomed us with open hands
very nice okay why you guys want you to
come out here I mean you guys will be
good you guys could have been doing
anything right now you guys could be
present so before a match up coming
tonight
or whatever where in your future why you
guys to Montesquieu to come out well we
just think it's very important to you
know WWE is wrestling is a very very
small part of what we do I mean we're
all involved in the community on several
different levels so to be able to
promote something that we believe in and
that helps the community is is a good
thing and we know that kids at home
watch wrestling they watch Smackdown
they watch Raw and we just want to give
them inside yeah we're fortunate we're
lucky people we get to go out there and
perform and do stuff but reading and
education is so important most of us
wouldn't get to where we are now if it
wasn't for you know studying and going
to school as well so that guy is just
great and we'd like to give back to the
community
and just you know show that we generally
drew care WWE does care about you know
our society and the public and the kids
and you know the future that we can you
know instill in the kids that can go out
to have a better better future and how
do you guys feel about coming out and
doing this just give me like a quick
life story or whatever life story well
it's actually cool because I think we
all went to school at some definitely
did and to be back here we'd always sit
through assemblies and I mean I don't
remember having assemblies where people
would come and I would really wouldn't
pay attention you know but now that I'm
here on the other side and to see kids
actually paying attention to us it's a
it's a very powerful thing it's to be
able to be in a position where we can
influence people positively is a great
thing to be a part of okay Russell main
is going to be in my hometown of Atlanta
so tell me a little bit about what is
the ultimate gift for these kids are
these students when they get the
ultimate prize just came a little bit
about the background of the prize the
background of the the WrestleMania
Reading Challenge yes sir yes we are so
you can get you you will get like I said
you read five books you write five book
reports and give them to your local
librarian and they enter you in a
contest to win tickets to Wrestlemania
which is I mean this is awesome this is
the easiest way to get tickets I mean
tickets is so hard to come by and this
all you have to do is read to I mean I
wish I wish they had this when we were
going out the kids just join the
library's just go in join the library if
you don't pick you're not with a library
right now just go in and join library
and come on it's WrestleMania this is
like fireworks this is whoa see this is
the thunderclap
this is really what it's all about this
is our Super Bowl this is our you know
NHL championship this is this is what we
this is why we do what we do brings
families together absent ones gonna have
a great time so go read because it was
really just